{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f5\froman\fprq0\fcharset1 Times New Roman;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 DejaVu Sans;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset1 Times New Roman;}{\f8\fnil\fprq0\fcharset1 Times New Roman;}{\f9\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lohit Hindi;}{\f10\fnil\fprq0\fcharset1 Lohit Hindi;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Normal;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\dbch\af6\dbch\af9\afs28\loch\f4\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sb0\sa120 Text body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sb0\sa120\dbch\af10 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af10\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af10 Index;}
}{\info{\title Works Cited}{\author EasyBib}{\creatim\yr2013\mo5\dy29\hr19\min33}{\revtim\yr2013\mo5\dy29\hr19\min33}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment LibreOffice}{\vern3600}}\deftab720
\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\qc\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs36\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs36\lang1033\loch\f5
Annotated Bibliography}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\qr\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs16\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs16\lang1033\loch\f5
Sam Quinn}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\qr\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs16\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs16\lang1033\loch\f5
931-907-154}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\qr\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs16\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs16\lang1033\loch\f5
WR22 MWF 11:00}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\qr\widctlpar\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs16\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs16\lang1033\loch\f5
5/29/2013}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\qr\widctlpar\faauto\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-720{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs16\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs16\lang1033\loch\f5
Engadget Blog}{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\qr\widctlpar\faauto\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-720\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-720{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
"Advances since Apollo." }{\i\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
USA Today}{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
 17 July 2009: n. pag. Print. In the article \u8220\'1cAdvances since Apollo.\u8221\'1d That was featured in USA Today describes as the title states the advances since Apollo. The article describes the great achievements and technology advancements since the first moon landing in 1969. One of the great advancements stated in the article is that the citizens of the U.S. have been inspired and intrigued by the feat accomplished by Apollo. The article also references NASA critics and states that NASA is now visionless. The author rebuttals this argument with the fact that we have now mapped the universe that has concluded that our universe is 78 billion light years wide and has a whopping 70 sextillion stars within. This information would not be available without the advancements in NASA\u8217\'19s technologies. USA Today is an award winning news and information site which features news about sports, money, life, weather, technology and travel news. I will use this article to explain a few of the great things that NASA has made and helped us achieve. I think that when I show the advances it might compel my reader to believe that NASA is worth it to keep it alive. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-720{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
Beichman, Arnold. "NASA Keeping Costs in Orbit?" }{\i\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
The Washington Times}{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
 20 Jan. 1992: n. pag. Print. In the article \u8220\'1cNASA keeping cost in orbit?\u8221\'1d published in The Washington Times simply states that we are giving NASA too much money. This article highlights a few of NASA\u8217\'19s tragic events starting off in the intro with the space shuttle Challenger exploding killing 6 NASA astronauts. Their claim is that to keep NASA functioning is unnecessarily high and sometimes useless tasking. Within the article it explains that a few of NASA\u8217\'19s missions have sent up manned shuttles to simply take photos of earth, which an unmanned craft could accomplish just as easy if not easier. The article also puts a price tag on each of these manned shuttles at $2M each which is one of their main points in the argument. The Washington Times is a pretty reputable daily newspaper that was established in 1982. The Washington Times is one of the most quoted newspaper in the U.S. I think I will also use this article as a counter argument since it states that NASA is getting too much money. While it has some good facts I think I will be able to use their arguments to my benefit and support my final claim. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-720{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
Bell, David, and Martin Parker, eds. }{\i\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
Space Travel and Culture: From Apollo to Space Tourism}{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
. NJ: Wiley-Blackwell, 2009. Print. In the book \u8220\'1cSpace Travel and Culture\u8221\'1d, the editors David Bell and Martin Parker discuss the dwindling support of space exploration show by society. David Bell is a senior lecture at Leeds University and has a deep interest in human geography and cultural studies. Martin Parker is a professor at Leicester University in the United Kingdom. Parker teaches Organization and culture and has background in anthropology and cultural studies. This book analyses the significance of the first successful Apollo mission to the moon and how it has changed popular culture but has not impacted social sciences at all. The authors argue that the idea of space exploration has become almost \u8220\'1cinvisible\u8221\'1d with in our academia and viewed as waste of taxpayer\u8217\'19s money. I plan to use this source in my essay since I am going to write about the importance of space exploration and the cause of the bill that ended NASA\u8217\'19s moon program. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-720{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
Bova, Ben. "NASA vs. Private Enterprise." }{\i\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
Christian Science Monitor}{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
 [Boston] 2 Oct. 1990, Opinion sec.: 18. Print. Within the article \u8220\'1cNASA vs. Private Enterprise\u8221\'1d featured in Christian science monitor exercises the idea of getting rid of the government funded NASA program to make way for private entrepreneurs. The article explains the faults in past years with NASA\u8217\'19s missions and space crafts and argues that if we supported private enterprise space programs we would further our position in the space exploration race. It gives a brief explanation of past private space programs including the first space craft \u8220\'1csputnik\u8221\'1d that was launched by a private company in 1957. This article was written in Christian Science Monitor which is an international news organization that is owned by the First Church of Christ. I think I will be able to use this article in my essay as a counter argument since it talks about getting rid of NASA when I will be arguing the opposite. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-720{\i\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
Past, Present, and Future of NASA - U.S. Senate Testimony}{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
, U.S. Senate Cong. (2012) (testimony of Neil DeGrasse Tyson). Print. In the written testimony submitted to the U.S. Senate \u8220\'1cPast, Present, and Future of NASA - U.S. Senate Testimony\u8221\'1d written by Neil DeGrasse Tyson, Tyson inspires the yearn for knowledge in the field of space exploration. Tyson argues that even though not everyone believes space exploration is important, but with a nationwide goal it allows many citizens to \u8220\'1cdream big\u8221\'1d. Tyson reflects on the motivation caused by the Apollo 11 missions and how citizens responded to that kind of achievement. Neil DeGrasse Tyson is a pretty well know astrophysicist and has hosted a number of Nova TV shows that were related to the galaxy. I think this testimony will provide itself useful in my paper as an example of a benefit that space exploration provides. It also gives a good definition of the dream big motivation that we learn as kids and often forget about as we get older. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\faauto\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-720{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
"Planetary Science Is NASA's Most Successful and Inspirational Program. It Should Not Be Gutted." }{\i\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
Scientific American}{\dbch\af8\langfe1033\afs24\alang1025\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f5
. Nature Publishing Group, July 2012. Web. 29 May 2013. In the \u8220\'1cPlanetary science is NASA's most successful and inspirational program. It should not be gutted\u8221\'1d that had been published by scientific American discusses the presidents proposed budget for NASA and the drastic cuts that could potentially derail many of NASA\u8217\'19s future missions. NASA\u8217\'19s budget was cut by more than 20% for 2013. With these cuts some of the programs that were hit the hardest were the Mars exploration, Jupiter\u8217\'19s moon Europa exploration, and the moon program that has been cut all together. This article was posted in Scientific American that was founded in 1845 and has received many awards such as award for education excellence, the best American science and nature writing, and National Magazine award for general excellence. I am planning to use this article in my essay to describe the significance of the cuts that were made to NASA in 2013. This article will also help me give examples of the effects caused by these cuts. }
\par }